# 阅读100篇

## 44

There are few more **sobering** online activities than entering data into **college-tuition** calculators and gasping as the Web spits back a **six-figure sum**. But economists say families about to go into debt to fund four years of partying, as well as studying, can **console** themselves **with** the knowledge that college is an **investment** that, unlike many bank stocks, should yield huge dividends(红利).

---

sobering 清醒

tuition 学费

six-figure sum 六位数

console...with（得到安慰），console名词：控制台、电视机，动词：安慰。

unlike many bank stocks**,** 加了逗号，获得红利不是指银行股票，指前面的教育投资 should yield huge dividends(红利).  

---



 A 2008 study by two Harvard economists notes that the "**labor-market** premium(额外收益) to skill"— or the amount college graduates earned that's greater than what high-school graduates earned—**decreased for** much of the 20th century（第二题）, but has come back with a vengeance(报复) since the 1980s. In 2005, the  typical full-time year-round U.S. worker with a four-year college degree earned \$50,900, 62% more than the $31,500 earned by a worker with only a high-school diploma. 



**There's no question that** going to college is a smart economic choice. But a look at the strange variations in tuition **reveals（揭露，揭示）** that the choice about which college to attend doesn't **come down** **merely** to dollars and cents. Does going to Columbia University (tuition, room and board \$49,260 in 2007-2008) yield a 40% greater return than attending the University of Colorado at Boulder as an out-of-state student (\$35,542)? Probably not. Does being an **out-of-state student** at the University of Colorado at Boulder yield twice the amount of income as being an in-state student (\$17,380) there? Not likely. 



No, in this consumerist age, most buyers **aren't** evaluating college **as** an investment, **but rather** as a consumer product—like a car or clothes or a house. And with such **purchases**, price is only one of many **crucial** factors to consider.

not … but rather 不是，反而是

purchases 购买，crucial重要



<span style="line-height:20px;">As with automobiles, consumers in today's college marketplace have vast choices, and people search for the one that gives them the most comfort and satisfaction in line with their budgets. This accounts for the willingness of people to pay more for different types of experiences (such as attending a private liberalarts college or going to an out-of-state public school that has a great marine-biology program). And just as two auto purchasers might spend an equal amount of money on very different cars, college students (or, more accurately, their parents) often show a willingness to pay essentially the same price for vastly different products. So which is it? Is college an investment product like a stock or a consumer product like a car? In keeping with the automotive world's hottest consumer trend, maybe it's best to characterize it as a hybrid (混 合动力汽车): an expensive consumer product that, over time, will pay rich dividends. </span>

1  What's the opinion of economists about going to college?  C

[A] Huge amounts of money is being wasted on campus **socializing**.

 [B] It doesn't **pay to** run into debt to receive a college education. 

 It doesn't pay to 不划算

 run into debt负债

[C] College education is **rewarding** **in spite of** the **startling** costs. 

[D] Going to college doesn't necessarily bring the expected returns.



2  The two Harvard economists note in their study that, for **much of** the 20th century，D

 [A] **enrollment** kept decreasing **in virtually** all American colleges and universities 

[B] the labor market preferred high-school graduates to college graduates 

[C] competition for university **admissions**入学 was far more **fierce**激烈 than today

 [D] the gap between the earnings of college and high-school graduates **narrowed**（收缩）

for **much of** the 20th century 20世界大部分时间



3 Students who **attend** an **in-state** college or university can A

 [A] save more on tuition 节省tuition

[B] receive a better education 接受更好教育

[C] take more liberal-arts courses  艺术课

[D] avoid traveling long distances  避免长途旅游



4  In this consumerist age, most parents D

 [A] regard college education as a wise **investment** 视为明智投资

 [B] place an **emphasis**重视  on the **prestige**声誉 of the college  重视 

[C] think it **crucial** to send their children to college

 [D] consider college education as a consumer product 教育是消费产品



5 What is the **chief** consideration when students choose a college today? b

[A] Their employment **prospects**前景 after graduation. 就业前景

[B] A satisfying experience within their budgets. 满意体验

[C] Its **facilities** 设施and learning environment. 设施和学习环境

[D] Its **ranking** 排名 among similar institutions. 排名